


The child who lives in Heaven and has a home of Hell.
By Will Segale.





































Hi there. You want to hear a story about a child who lived a life of Heaven and a home of Hell?

Well, you see, it all started about ten years ago when the child said to his mom. "Mommy, can I go outside and play?" The mother just looked at him with a cold stare and said. "No, you need to do your homework." She then slapped him across the face, which left a mark on the child's face. The look of true terror, and how badly he was shaking said it all.
"M-mommy w-why d-did you hit m-me I- I did all my homework. And cleaned my room and did the dishes," he said, crying uncontrollably, and went off this vast list of the chores that he does around the house. The mother wasn't even listening to him. She just kept on beating him up over and over again and again. Blood started to come out of his head and was splattering all over the floor. After a few minutes of him getting beaten up so badly, he was then got knocked out. When he woke up, he was looking at the ceiling, thinking to himself. "Why do my parents hate me so much? I try and try, but it's just never enough for them. It was like I was born to be a mistake." Just then, he heard the front door open, and his father walked in, saying. "Son, where the hell are you?" The father continued in a shallow voice. "Where is that little brat? He's such a mistake, and we should have put him up for adoption when we had the chance, and now we have to wait three more years until we can kick him out. And that will be the day that this mistake of a son, if you can even call him that, is gone from us for good." He said with pure hate in his voice. The child heard all of this and was just lying there in a pool of his blood, and tears were still running down his face. He then touched the side of his head and felt the dry blood on his hand. "Ah great, I'm going to have a scar on the side of my head." The child thought to himself. 
The next day the child woke up and knew that today was Monday. "Yes, School! Finally, I can get away from this hell hole that people call home," he said while jumping up and down. He got dressed and went downstairs, where he saw that his parents weren't up yet. "Thank god that they aren't up yet." He said to himself. He then walked out of the door and went to the bus stop and waited for the bus. Five minutes pass, then ten, then twenty. "Grrr great, this is just great seriously I missed my bus again, I guess I have to walk to school." He said gloomily. When he was sixty feet from the school entrance, it began to rain hard, "Great, just my luck, it has to start raining. Can this day get any worse?" He said sarcastically, while running to the school, so he didn't get wet. As he gets inside he sees one of his friends. "Hey, Charlie, how's it going?" Charlie then turns around and says. "Oh, hey man, how is it going?" Charlie then saw the scab on the side of his friend's head and said. "WOW, what happened? Was it your parents again?" Charlie said with a hint of concern in his voice. "No, I just, just," trying to think of a lie to calm down his friend, "I just fell, that's all, and uh, uh hit my head on the side of the counter yesterday. That's all that happened, nothing more, nothing less." Charlie then looked at his friend and knew that he was trying to lie to him. "Come on, man, you have to do something about this. You know that this won't stop unless you do something about it," he said with concern in his voice. "I know, I know, I just. sigh, I don't know when to do it?" His friend looked at him and said, raising his voice. 


"YOU DON'T KNOW WHEN? WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T KNOW WHEN? YOU NEED TO TALK TO SOMEONE ABOUT THIS. YOU KNOW WHAT? I'LL TELL YOU WHEN YOU SHOULD TELL SOMEONE, AND THAT'S IMMEDIATELY. LIKE RIGHT NOW. CALL THE COPS OR SOMETHING!"
 The child looked at his friend in the face and said in a sad voice, "You might have the strength of a hundred men. You might have what it takes to take on an army, but not all of us can be super soldiers or fearless people who can take on whatever the world throws at them. Some of us count on others to help us out when times get hard. Or when we need a shoulder to cry on when we are sad. But I don't have any of that." He said with tears in his eyes and choking on a sob, "My dad told me yesterday that I don't matter to them. And that they should have put me up for adoption when they had the chance." He dropped to the floor and curled up into a ball and started crying uncontrollably. Everyone turned around to see who was crying when they saw who it was, and they began to laugh. His friends stood up for him and said, "How would you like it if this happened to you? And everyone was laughing at you, would you laugh along, or would you want to curl up into a ball and hide from the world?" his friends said with power in their voices.
The next day the child got up and got ready for school but stopped to read an article on a suicide prevention program. It read, "Do you get bullied in school? Does everything you do make you feel like an outcast or a mistake? Do your parents not respect who you are or whom you love? Well, fear no more and call 1-800-422-0009 and get your help today." The child then thought to himself. "Hey, that's what I need now." Later that day, he called the number and found that it didn't exist anymore. He felt like his entire world was shattered into a million pieces and shot into space to never be seen again. "My life is over." He thought to himself, "There is no one who wants to help me." crying himself to sleep.
The next day he woke up outside his house. "Oh my god, how did I end up out here?" He said, chattering his teeth because of how cold it was outside. "I need to get in the house, or I'll die out here from hypothermia," As he was walking towards the house, all he could hear was the snow crunching under his feet with every step he took. He opened the door and saw that his parents were up and were looking at him. "What are you looking at, you mistake?" He then began to say, "I was-.," his parents interrupted and yelled. 

"I DON'T CARE. NOW GET OUT OF MY SIGHT. YOU PATHETIC LITTLE MISTAKE!" 

The child then looked down at the ground and said, "Can I have something to eat? I'm starving." His parents replied, "Ya, it's in the trash," The child looked at them with a confused look in his eyes and said, "Why is it in the trash?" They looked at him and said, "Maybe that's because that's where all the mistakes go like yourself." As they said this, they began to laugh hysterically. He walked over to the trash, which smelled like something had died in it. "This is disgusting, what's in here?" His parents looked at him and said, "As we said before, that's where the mistakes go like yourself." They started to laugh again. When they stopped laughing, they were trying to catch their breath. The child looked at his parents and had a sad look in his eyes and said, "Why do you hate me so much, huh, why? You know I have feelings too, right? You know I'm not a robot, right? And I'm sorry that I'm not the picture-perfect son that you always wanted." He said this with tears in his eyes. He then ran up to his room and slammed the door behind him and started to cry uncontrollably in his pillow. "Can they love me as they did with my sister? She was always the golden child. I was always the stain on the bottom of their shoes, or like a bad penny that keeps showing up." He then began to think of how they would love him. After hours of planning, he suddenly thought of something so good that would make his parents feel fear like how he does when the school day ends, and he's walking home from school.
The next day at school, Will saw another one of his friends named Mike. "Hey, Mike, how is it going?" A girl was with him, so I  introduced myself. "Oh, hi, my name's Will. What's your name?" I asked her. Her name was Sarah. "Nice to meet you, Sarah." Sarah then said to me. "It's nice to meet you too. You know I always liked your friend Mike?" she said. "Oh, really, what do you like about him?" I asked her interestingly. "Well, for starters, he's nice and polite and helps anyone who is in need," she said. I chuckled a little. "That does sound like Mike. Did you know he's failing one of his classes?" Mike jumped in and said in his defense. "I am not! I have 59.99% that's not failing. Right?" Sarah and I look at one another and then looked back at Mike and said in unison. "That is failing. Passing would be a 60 or higher." Mike said a little confused, "Really, I thought it was a 50 or higher?" Sarah and I looked at each other again and just had a blank expression on our faces.  A few minutes passed, and we just burst out in laughter. 
Later that day, Will got bullied by everyone again. But his friends were there to back him up since they know he's not a fighter, but he's more of someone who wants to keep the peace. As he looked up, He saw Sarah extending out her hand to help him up. He took her hand, and she helped him get back up on his feet again. He said to her gratefully, "Thanks, I can see that you're the type that doesn't see people for what they are but instead see them as for who they are and what they can become." Sarah looked at me and said. "Yeah, that's right. How did you know?" I then told her that my grandparents were always the type to help those who were in need. She asked what happened to them. I looked at her and said, "I don't want to talk about it right now if that's alright with you?" She said, "That's OK. I understand if you don't want to talk about it, do you want to know my story?" I said yes. "OK, well, you see, my brother had cancer, and it was stage four. I loved my brother. And when I heard that he had cancer, it felt like my whole life was over, but look at me now, I'm still standing, and I keep pushing on." She said with tears in her eyes.  Mike turned around and saw her crying and rushed over, "Hey, hey, it's OK, it's OK, that's it just keep crying." He said soothingly to her and hugged her.

THE THREAT.

The teacher walked into the class and said. "All right, class, let's take out our notes that we did yesterday." as everyone was reviewing their notes, I walked up to the teacher and said. "Umm, Ms. Locksaw, I lost my notes. Do you have any copies that I can copy?" I said with a hint of embarrassment in my voice. "Will oh Will, this is the third time this month, please try to keep track of your work," she said with an annoyed tone. "Thank you so much, Ms. Locksaw. You don't know how much this means to me," I said appreciatively. "Well, thank you, Will, but please don't do it again. It's bad enough that you're failing a class. Anyway, class, going off of that note, please take out your books and open to page 37, please." As we were reviewing our notes, I felt a flying piece of paper hit me on the side of the head. I looked down and saw a crumpled up piece of paper. It said, "Open this, and you will receive an award-winning prize." As I read those words, I couldn't stop myself. It's like my hands had taken over my brain. I started opening the crumpled piece of paper to see what it said inside. But to my disappointment, there was no award-winning prize inside.  All I read was "You suck. Go jump off a bridge. No one will miss you.  From anonymous." I told Ms. Locksaw someone was picking on me.  She looked at me and said softly and a little mother-like in her voice. "Well, let's see what it is, shall we? Please hand it over, Will." She finished reading what the note said, her eyes went wide, and she covered her mouth with one hand. She then said afterward. "Whoever wrote this, please come forth and tell the class why you did this?" But to no one's surprise, no one came forth and said that they had written it. "Class I'm very disappointed with you, I'm going to have to get the principal in here. And I'm pretty sure no one wants that now do they?" She walked over to the phone and called the principal and just like clockwork he was there looking at every student in the eyes and trying to see if their expression changed. "All right class," he said, "When I call your name, you are going to come outside and tell me what you were doing in class. Remember, I don't want anyone to lie to me. Is that understood?" Just as he said, every person in the class went to the hall and said what they were doing. I didn't hear much, but I do know that a lot of the kids came back to the classroom crying. The school day ended and I looked at my friends and said. "Hey, guys want to see an old world war two plane?" They looked at one another and nodded their heads in unison. "Great, let's go," I said with excitement in my voice. We walked for a few minutes, and came to a clearing in the woods and saw an old and rusty plane with moss growing on it. "Wow, this is cool!" They looked in awe at the broken and rusty bomber plane lying on the ground. The way the sun shined on the rusted metal said it all, it felt like we were there, and the aircraft was trying to tell us a story of how it got this way. As we walked inside the plane, we saw that the inside was still intact. The leather seats had the outer shell of the chairs bent and disheveled and all rusty. "Wow, this plane has seen action. Look, the entire tail of the plane is destroyed. Hey Will, do you know what kind of plane this is?" Mike asked. "This plane is a bomber plane. It usually had a crew of about four to five people." I said. "Hey, Will look at this," said Charlie,  I turned around we saw a map of Europe and certain places circled. I looked at my friends and said: "This was probably their mission to bomb the circled areas on the map." We all looked at one another. "This is big. We needed someone to check this out and fast," I said to my friends. Mike then said to me. "Hey Will, what about your parents aren't they good at this kind of stuff?" I looked at Mike with fear in my eyes. 
"NO, NOT MY PARENTS. IF THEY SEE US TOGETHER, FOR SURE THEY WILL WANT TO KILL US!" 
I said this with fear in my voice. "What the Hell, man. Don't you know Will's parents are like psychopaths!" said Charlie. "But what if they changed?" said Mike. "People change. They aren't always so evil. Come on, Will let's see them. And see if they are mean to you." as I looked at Mike and stuttered. "I- I-" I then looked down at the ground. "I don't know, maybe? Sigh, I don't." Just before I was about to finish my sentence, the back of my mind said, "You're strong. Look at how far you have come, don't come this far only to come this far. You're better than them." I looked up from the ground and said. "All right, let's go and get this done. I have to face my fears. They don't scare me anymore. I have to face my parents face to face and tell them to love me." I said with confidence in my voice.
As I placed one foot on the front porch, my anxiety went haywire, and I thought. "This isn't going to go well, and I should just give up and run away while I still can. I can't do this. I mean nothing to them." I overcame this and defeated the fear that was inside of me, and summoned the strength of a one-man army and went inside. 

"MOM, DAD I'M HOME!"

They turned around and saw the determination in my eyes and said. "If you're trying to scare us with that look in your eyes, it's not going to work." I looked at them and said, "Oh? And why may that be, if I may ask?" my parents said "Maybe because you don't mean anything to us, you're just a failure in the family. 

NOW GET OUT OF OUR SIGHT YOU MISTAKE!" 

I looked at them and said, "OK, I may be a mistake to you, but I mean something, Mom and Dad. What makes you think it's OK to push me around and treat me like I don't matter, and I hope that you know that you have been doing this to me for nearly 17 years." I turned around and walked out the door without even turning back.

 
                                                            Fifteen years later.

As I turned on the tv and switched it over to the news, it said: "Breaking news, two people found dead on the side of the road." The news showed that it was some of my friends from work. "I need to find the person who did this and get my revenge," I said without thinking.
After a few hours, I came to my senses and said, "I'm not a killer, even though I had to kill when I was in the army, but that was years ago, I wanted to keep the peace." I was brought back from a knock on my apartment door. I walked over and said, "Who is it?" I suddenly heard a voice that I know too well, and it sent shivers down my spine. "Son, please let us in so we can see you." I let out a long sigh and opened the door. "Hello Mom and Dad, how's life?" I say, annoyed that they are here. My dad looked at me and said. "Look, son, I know that we got off the wrong foot." I interrupted him and said, laughing, "Off to the wrong foot? Off to the wrong foot. Are you kidding me? You almost beat me to death countless times." Dad then said, "I just thought that maybe you wanted to start over and be family again?" I replied "Look at what you have done to me, beating me until I had blood on my face. But I will rise on my own, and I'm making it alone, I got all I need to survive. I have a bed that isn't covered in blood from the countless beatings you did to me. So I don't need you anymore, so leave." Dad then looked at me and said. "Look, son." I yelled, "I said, LEAVE!" They confessed, "WE DON'T HAVE ANYWHERE TO GO. So please help us out here?" pleading for my help. "GRRRR!!! Fine!" I said in frustration from them being here." You can stay here, and I will try to find a place for you to live in, but until then, you're going to need to become clean, and you have to find a job. I will give you until tomorrow."
That night I had a nightmare where I was back at home being beaten by my parents. The scenery then changes, and I'm on the top of a roof, scoping out what the enemy lines are doing and reporting it to HQ. “AHHHHHH!!!!” I screamed out in fear and bolted up in my bed, with a cold sweat running down my face. I placed one hand over my heart. I could feel my heart pounding against my chest. "It was only a dream, only a dream." I thought to myself, trying to calm myself down. I walked outside to the balcony and was looking out at the city with all of its light on. "Ha, this city never sleeps." I think to myself. I then heard my phone ring. I walked over to my phone and answered. "Hello?" The caller said, "Hello, are you, Will?" "Who's asking," I say. "Ah, where are my manners, my name is Mike. And I'm looking at your file, and I see that you were in the 200th battalion, am I correct." "Uhm, yes, that is correct. Anyway, who the Hell permitted you to look through my profile?" I asked. "Ah, yes." He said, not even angling my question." I'm the owner of a large and powerful company that makes technology for the military. Probably all the tech that you used in the field was made by my company. Which is called Mikes Industries." I responded, saying, "OK, but you didn't answer my question. I will ask you again. Who the Hell gave you access to my profile?" I asked him. "Oh, that's right. You wanted to know who allowed me to look at your profile. It was your commanding officer who allowed me access to your military records." As he explained everything we talked for a while. "When can I meet you face to face?" I asked him. "Hmm, how's Friday?" he said. "That would work just great, thank you," I said to him. "OK, meet me at Mikes Industries at 3:00 AM. Go to the reception and say 'I'm here to meet the boss of this company'. I will let them know that you are coming to meet me." he said, "OK, what floor is it on?" I asked him, "Oh, that right it's on the 40th floor, the reception will give you a keycard to access the fast elevator. Just put it up to the wall, and the doors will open." he then goes on and on about an unnecessary list of what the elevator will do. I think to myself, "He likes this hidden elevator that he created."


THE MEETING.

The next day I went to Mikes Industries and took one good look at the building, and it looked like it was going to fall over with just a little tap. I thought to myself, "This can't be right, I'm probably at the wrong place?" As I looked at the address, it matched the one he gave me over the phone. I walked into the destroyed building. Instantly I had to get a body scan, the inside of the building, then changed to a high tech facility, and an intercom up above that said "Welcome Will to Mikes Industries. We have been expecting you." it said in a friendly voice, it then talked about how the building became what it is today. I walked over to the reception and said, "I'm here to meet the boss of this company."  "Ah, yes. Your name is Will, right?" they ask me. "Ah, yes? I am a little confused about what just happened". They chuckled a little and said, "Well, not to worry, Will, here's your keycard. Just walk down the hall and on your first left. Hold up the card up to the wall. The doors will then open," he said friendly. "OK, thank you," I said, and went to the location he told me to go. I held the card up to the wall. The doors opened violently, and a hologram of a person said, "Welcome, what floor would you like to go to?" it said friendly. "I would like to go to the 40th floor, please," I say. "I'm sorry, sir, but you don't have that kind of authorization to go there. Only employees and people with a certain card can go there." It said to me. "I have a card that says that I can go there?" "Please let me see your card." the hologram said. I then showed it the card, and the hologram said, "OK, going to the 40th floor. Please have a seat." as it then points to a chair that came out of the wall. I took a seat in the chair, and the elevator doors closed and it suddenly shot to the 40th floor. I thought I was going to fly right out of my seat, but somehow even though there was no seat belt, I was still connected to the chair. It felt like a nail that was in a wall. The elevator then stopped. I got out of my seat and fell back into the chair. "Hey, why do I feel so sick from that?" I thought to myself. "Hello there, I was starting to think that you weren't coming to visit me," someone said behind a desk. "Hmm, hello, who are you?" I asked, "You don't recognize me? Well, I may have changed over the years. How long has it been since we last met, like 20 - 30 years ago, right?" he said. I just looked at him with a blank expression on my face. He let out a long sigh and said. "It's me, Mike. Mike from school. Don't you remember me?" I then recognized him when he said his name. "Wow, man, it's been so long since we last saw each other," I said. "It's been 15 years, but what made you want to be the owner of a big company like this? I've always seen you as someone who does plumbing or something like that, not a business this big?" "Well, I wanted to do something that people didn't think that I could do. And that's what I did, and look how far I've come with a  $14.5 billion company." We talked for a while, and I said to him. "I got to go back home. It was nice seeing you again," as I walked out of the main doors and got in my car and drove back home. I thought to myself, "I wonder if I will ever see him again?" As I got out of my vehicle, It was tranquil, it felt like a ghost town. I thought to myself. "This is so strange, and it's never this quiet out here? There is always someone walking or playing in the park or talking to friends." Just then, I heard a loud crack in the air. Which almost gave me a heart attack. I listened to see if the sound would happen again but it never did, I then heard the sound of sirens a few blocks away. I got inside my house, and I didn't see my parents anywhere. I saw a note that said on it. "Dear son, we are going to live with a friend, so you don't have to deal with us ever again. Love you, Mom, and Dad." As I read the note, it made my eyes water, and I felt like I was going to cry. But I said to myself.
"DO NOT CRY." 
I took a few deep, slow breaths, and it calmed down. 

THE JOINING.

The years went by, and another great war happened, and I was then forced to join the army. "Hey, you," I say to a kid in a military uniform similar to mine. "You're a little young to be fighting in a war, don't you think?" I said to him. He turned around and said to me, "I was the top of my class at the academy, and I graduated school in three years."
We trained for hours on end. Just before I was about to faint from being out in the burning hot sun, the alarm went off. I suddenly heard the roaring sound of fighter jet engines starting up and taking off the runway. "LET'S MOVE, LET'S MOVE," said the commanding officers. As we were all running to get our equipment, 
I saw Hell as I had never seen before.
I looked around to find my buddy on the ground screaming out in pain from a bomb going off, which ripped his leg off. I ran to him and got out supplies to stop the bleeding. But when I looked in his eyes, I saw that it was already too late and that he died of blood loss. I felt responsible for what happened to my friend. As I staggered to get up, a bomb went off and took me, flew me a few hundred yards, and threw me on the ground. As I lifted my head, I saw someone pointing a gun in my face. I couldn't make out what they were saying, my ears were ringing so loudly. The person with the weapon hit me on the head with the butt of his gun, knocking me out instantly. When I woke up, I could taste the harsh metallic blood in my mouth. When I could see straight, I saw that I was in a prison cell, and the ringing in my ears was gone. I heard the sound of a metal door opening, and someone was coming in saying. "Hello, Will. You are going to tell me what I want to hear, and if you refuse to answer, I will make you wish that you were never born." I looked at him with a grin on my face and spitting out the excess blood out of my mouth and said, "Never born, never born? Ha, I wish that I was never born when I was at my house getting beatings over and over every day. So do your worst." I said to him with no fear in my voice. "I was hoping you were going to say that," he said with an evil grin on his face. I said to him with a scared tone in my voice. "What's about to happen to me?" "You will find out, trust me. You will find out what I meant by that," he replied with a grin on his face. He took out a knife and stabbed it through my leg. I screamed in pain, but he didn't care, he just said coldly. "Tell me where your HQ is, and I will let you go, but if you don't, this will just be the beginning of hell for you." "I'll never tell you," I say, spitting the rest of my blood-filled mouth in his face. He just looked at me and said, "What a stubborn little child you are." He took out a hammer and destroyed my kneecaps. I screamed in pain and tears ran down my face. But he just kept doing this to me for hours and hours. He then stopped and said, "Wow, you are hard to break. I must say." I then looked at him and said with my collar bone sticking out of my neck.
 "YOU'RE A MONSTER, A PSYCHOPATH!"
He looked at me and grinned again and said. "Oh, I know, that's why I love what I do to prisoners of war," he said, laughing hysterically, as he walked out of the prison cell and locked the door behind him. I then heard someone say, "Sir, that's a war crime." I suddenly heard the sound of a gunshot and a body dropping to the floor dead and footsteps walking away from what had happened.

THE RESCUE.


The next day came, and I was on the ground with a broken leg, broken knee, broken hand and cuts and bruises all over my body. I heard the door open again, I thought to myself. "Will this torture ever end?" and a voice that sounded familiar said. "There he is! You take him to the chopper and immediately tend to his wounds." I felt my body begin to pick up and carry it to the chopper. I heard a voice saying frantically, "We're losing him! We're losing him! He needs more blood if he's going to live. " 

Then like the snap of a finger, everything went dark and quiet. I suddenly felt my body getting jump-started, but everything was still dark and quiet. "Is this how I die?" I thought to myself.

Time passed. And I opened my eyes and saw my brothers and sisters in arms looking down at me, and saying, "He lives, the man from the dead." I asked them how long I was out. They said that it was 18 hours. I tried to get up abruptly, but there was a sharp pain in my knees. "Yo, Will take it easy, will ya?" said the soldier that graduated in his junior year. "Hey, Will take a look at your leg." he said to me with excitement in his voice, "Uhm, OK?" I say to him, confused. I took the sheets that were covering my legs off and saw where there should be skin there was nothing there but instead a high tech prosthetic leg, I started to freak out, and my heart rate skyrocketed. Everyone tried to calm me down, so I didn't have a heart attack. The next thing I remembered was a transparent mask being placed on me that had a tube that had a drug to calm me down.
The next few hours were of me being calmed down and sitting in my hospital bed, the general came into the hospital and said. "Hey, son, how are you doing?" I responded, saying, "I'm good. Why do you ask?" the general said, "I know that you were captured and became a prisoner of war, but if you want to quit..." I then say, confused. "Quit? What do you mean by quit? I am fine to go back out there, you know that I won't let lay down and die.  This is who I am meant to be sir." The general looked at me and said, "I know. Please, son, it's for your own good." I then said, protesting. "It's for my own good! What do you mean by it's for your own good?" 


THE RECOVERY.

It took me around 3 - 4 months for my full recovery to get back out on the field and be with my brothers and sisters in arms. The months went by fast as we were sitting in the mission briefing room. The commanding leader said that the mission was a hostage situation. I then said, "Is it going to be like how you took me out of that hell hole?" the commander said, "No, these people are armed to the teeth. I have been thinking that your rescue was bait for a bigger operation that they were planning. So be careful, men.  Now let's move out." As I was getting my gear for the mission, one of my buddies came up to me and said, "It's just never been the same without you on these missions." As we were walking in the city, we saw some children who were playing on the road. We walked by some people crying over a bombed building. There were a lot of brothers and sisters there. I thought to myself, "I could only imagine what must have happened there." as a picture of what happened to the building and the families that were destroyed from the bombing runs. I didn't know how long I had been staring at that one building, but one of the people in my battalion said, "Will, you coming with us or what?" I looked at her and said. "Yeah, I'm coming."

THE PLAN.


We walked for what felt like forever, and then came across a very, very heavily fortified base. John said. "This has to be it." Another person in my battalion said. "It has a trap written all over it. What should we do?" I thought for a while and said, "We're going to be splitting into three different groups." I pointed at group one and said, "Your Code Name is going to be called Delta. And you're going to flank the left," they then said in unison. "Yes, sir!" I then pointed at group two and said. "Your group is going to be called Alpha. And you're going to flank the right." I then looked at the rest that hadn't been put into a group and said. "The rest of you are with me, and are code name is Bravo, and we are going to flank there back. I will call in additional support to help us with the front, but for now, let's move." 
I said to Alpha, "Code Name Alpha, are you in position?" "Yes, sir." I said to Delta, "Code Name Delta are you in position?" "Yes, sir." "Good I'm in position, I'm going to be calling in support." They then all say in unison. "Yes, sir." A few minutes passed, and the support came, I suddenly saw that they brought a recon team and I radioed over to them and said. "Your Code Name will be Charlie." "Yes, sir." I  started talking to the sniper and said. "What do you see?" The sniper said. "I see three people by the front gate, and I see up to 20 people in the base, they are all very heavily armed, so be careful." 
Just then, something clicked, and I thought to myself. The mission briefing might be, right? it might be a trap!?" But I still decided to wait until the night fell so that we had more cover, and everyone said that would be better. Night fell, and we all started to close around the base. As I opened the door, I saw the heavily armed guards looking right at me. It was like they knew we were coming. As we were looking at each other for a bit, I said, "Hey guys, how are you? That's good, well, goodbye." I looked at where the sniper was and nodded my head for him to fire, just like that the three guards were dead on the floor.  We then heard the sound of the shot breaking the silent air, and the alarm went off, and I thought to myself. "Well, this didn't go according to plan." We walked into multiple different rooms, where they were experimenting. We came to a place where a person then shot up from a window and was trying to say something. But no sound was coming out.  Only blood and he didn't have a lower body, just a mechanical spine and a pair of metal legs, and that was it. As we were walking, I couldn't stop thinking about the scary experiment they were doing on people in the last 18 rooms. "Hey, why are you doing inhumane experiments on people?" I asked one of the guards. He turned around and said, "Why do you want to know? You'll be joining them after we get everything out of you." I looked at him and said sarcastically. "Oh? Well, I guess we'll have to wait and see?" He turned his head a little and said. "Well, you better say your prayers because you're going to be joining them, and our tactics of extracting data from are prisoners never fail." I looked at my brothers in arms and said in a whisper. "Is this the place that's called 'The Final Prayer,' and weren't we told to avoid this place?" But I must have said it too loudly because the guard said. "Oh, so you have heard what happens around here. You're going to make a great test subject." I looked at him and said, "What do you mean by test subject?"
 
THE RESCUE THAT WENT WRONG.


As the general looked up from his paper, he said. "Where's Will? He should be back by now?" Just then, a soldier came running in and said. "Sir, we tracked down Will. He's being held hostage at a heavily fortified base on the outskirts of the city." The general said frantically "Well, how is he?" He said under his breath, "I knew that this would happen." The soldiers said, "What was that, sir?" "Nothing. Let's get him back." As the soldiers ran to their vehicles, they were blown up, and everyone who was running to the cars was killed instantly. 
"There is someone who's trying to make sure that we were put in this prison?" I said to myself, as I was sitting in my prison cell.  I then heard something that was coming outside of my prison cell. As I struggled to get up and see what the noise was, I looked out of my prison cell window and saw a body that had part of the face blown off, staring right at me with an eye that looked scared. As I saw the dead body staring back at me, it made me jump and fall back to the ground.
Day 18,250.
It's been nearly 50 years since I have seen the outside world. I think I might die any minute? But Mom and Dad, I want to tell you something. I hope that you got the help that you need.
THE END

